fixes various typos (#1001)
strapi/documentation: docs/user-docs/latest/content-manager/managing-relational-fields.md

# Managing relational fields

> Relation-type fields added to a content-type from the Content-type Builder allow to establish a relation with another content-type -mandatory a collection type. These fields are called "relational fields".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relation-type fields added to a content-type from the Content-type Builder allow establishing a relation with another content-type — mandatorily a collection type. These fields are called "relational fields".
```

We need an adverb here. However I updated the `-` to `—`.
